---
layout: page
title: Event — Coding workshop for School of Geographical and Earth Sciences
permalink: /events/2025-03-workshop-geographical_earth_sciences
exclude: true
---

# Are you hungry to learn more about coding in Python and the role of ChatGPT?
# Catered event on **15th April 2025, at 1000–1400** in **Gilbert Scott Building, East Quad Computer Lab 202** run by UofG staff.

We are running a workshop specifically aimed at **undergraduate students in the School of Geographical and Earth Sciences** to support you in your coding journey.

**Any coding experience is welcome, and you do not need to have used any AI tool before!** 

We are here to answer your questions and help you have fun solving some subject-specific and general coding problems while enjoying some refreshments.

The event is part of a research project (see below), and we would love to hear your thoughts on coding education and AI. If you agree, we will conduct online interviews with you before and after the event (~30 min. each). 

**To compensate you for your time, you will receive a <ins>£20 voucher per interview</ins>. The interviews are completely voluntary, and all your data will be anonymised.**

Sign up here: [https://uofg.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_9TbvtapITxoET78](https://uofg.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_9TbvtapITxoET78)

Any questions/comments? Please feel free to contact us at: [ccc-ai@glasgow.ac.uk](mailto:ccc-ai@glasgow.ac.uk)

---

This event is supported by a University of Glasgow Crucible grant to study the impact of generative AI,
specifically ChatGPT, on students’ coding creativity and confidence across a range of different disciplines. The
event is not related to regular teaching and is without any assessment component.